Rationale Hustle Cup Coffee
John Chandler

The Hustle Cup webpage was designed to entice the user to create a user profile.  Once the user has created the profile they are then allowed access to the online ordering.  The home page repeatedly informs the user of the benefits of being a member.  The layout has a simple navigation that presents the most relevant information first.  Where they can find the products, where can they place an order, what rewards members are offered, and where can they find us.  The home page has focal points and calls to action to draw in the user to explore the products offered on the site. 
	The color scheme is teal and grey to bring attention to the important points on the page.  The yellow call to action stands out on the page containers to further emphasize the products offered.  The images with the weights are to promote the brand as a morning destination for gym-goers and coffee enthusiasts.  The brand's signature drink is the Hustle Cup Muscle cup containing a rich blend of protein powder and a shot of expresso in a coffee.  The brand has gained recognition in the gym community by selling a product that is more natural than the pre-workouts made from chemicals and with gratuitous amounts of caffeine and creatine.  
	The curves and compact design fit aesthetically among the other contents on the page to create a comforting texture, and smooth finish to the architecture of the page.   The background images of the coffee shop help familiarize the user with the interior of the shop before they even step foot inside.   The headings are sized appropriately for each point to emphasize the sales and headings of sections.   The font families used in Hustle Cup are stencil and impact.  The two promote the bold and strong representation of the brand's quality and reputation.  
